bar
AB
my de respected brothers and
sisters it is a great blessing of Allah
subhah wa ta'ala that in today's day and
age Allah has given us IM in a time that
mentions that a time will come where in
the morning a person will be a Muslim
but by the time the Night Comes he has
left the fold of Islam and a person will
be Muslim at night but by the morning
comes he will have left Islam Today
alhamdulillah me coming back after 8
months doing a seen this number of
brothers sitting in a bigger bigger room
that we have
now there something that is making me
very happy and I'm sure making Allah
even more happier for us to see that the
effort since when I was in first year
what it was then and now I'm in fourth
year the change that we have seen and
and and the and the jazba the the
passion that we have seen in the in the
University students at laier is
something that's very wholesome and it's
it makes my heart melt to be honest with
you and the month of Ramadan is not too
far away the month of Ramadan is not too
far away what I want to to to discuss
today with all of us is for the last
eight months right I I been off of
school doing different things and I had
a realization that I am a I
became but it's becoming a only
memorizing it once and putting on the
Shelf is that what doing is is that the
Quran that you do it once you leave thei
once in a year and that's how you put it
away no Allah this Quran that Allah
subhana has given us Allah
says that have not pondered upon the
Quran or is their heart
closed Allah is asking a question a
rhetorical question the answer is clear
asking us we have revealed this
book that who has revealed this book who
has revealed it who is behind it the one
who has created the earth and the skies
that he lifted high this book that Allah
has given us is such a powerful book
I tell you right now that this book The
mentions that this of Allah on the day
of it will be either against you or or
with you and either of you know the the
witness that either it please for you or
against you and both won't be rejected
if the Quran pleas on your case in front
of Allah subhana wa tala it acts like a
lawyer in front of Allah that Allah will
not dismiss it Allah will take the
quran's witness for you very seriously
and at the same time a person who has
left the
Quran Allah mentioned in in in in the
Quran on that day he will say to Allah
Allah some people in my have left the
Quran that he will make a complaint to
Allah subhana wa taala this book the
Quran Allah mentions an ay for us to
understand
something
that if we were to R this book this
entire book this entire revelation of
ours onto a mountain onto a mountain the
mountain would crush tremble become into
cotton for what reason because the fear
of Allah that this book has been
revealed upon the mountain what is for
me what is excuse that a mountain that
has no the mountain will not be you know
held count on day of is going to perish
then what excuse and what relief and
what how how am I not stressing that
such a book has been revealed that Allah
is saying if we put this on the mountain
the mountain would have disappeared
crushed
trembled and the mountain example the
mountain Allah mentioned in different
places as
well do not become
arrogant you cannot you know build the
Earth with your hands you cannot destroy
the Earth with your hands
and you cannot move the mountains what's
your ego from Allah is asking us
this I take oath I'm not going to
mention some examples that I see on the
internet some motivational incidents
with the Quran I'm going to tell you
something from my own personal life and
when I was before I joined University in
grade 12 I had a brother before before
Co hit and he was trying to change his
life he had a tattoo Pakistani brother
had a tattoo on the on the wrong side of
of of of on the wrong side he was not on
the de but he had that realization me
and him at that time S A cricketer who
also after Cricket changed his life grew
a beard and left and he talks about his
life before Cricket or when he was
playing Cricket how he was and what he
became after so me and him are both
going to go meet s and you know listen
to his lecture and what happened is co
hit after that we went to this one
lecture there was few more plan we
wanted to meet s again but Co hit and
when Co hit this brother that I
know as I mentioned his his his story he
had he was doing whatever he was doing
whatever he wasn't on his Dean at all
and I'm not saying you know just common
sense he was complete other side his
parents were crying for him and he's not
young he's old than all of us he's 28
now maybe so what happened during Co is
that he had this realization he studying
journalism at that time he realized that
this journalism I'll be I'll get this
degree regardless but during Co he had a
realization that how can I improve
myself how can I become the best version
of my of myself what ended up happening
is that he started memorizing the Quran
and people will say at this age you have
a tattoo like look everybody knows you
like everybody knows who you are you got
memorize the Quran now what's the point
what's the point why are you going to
memorize it you cannot you know fix your
reputation up you are who you are you
are known as who you are are known as
but what they didn't let him stop him he
grinded alhamdulillah and now just last
week I met him and he memorized the
entire Quran
he he memorized the entire Quran from he
didn't know he was born in a Muslim
family but he went from zero nothing but
what was it Allah is saying in the
Quran in theah
before Allah is saying
what and Allah is your I have many any
time in the Surah what is Allah
saying we have made the Quran easy to
remember so is anyone that wants to
memorize
it we have made the Quran easy to
remember so is it anyone that wants to
memorize
it the same brother that I see now he's
wearing a imama has a beard his face has
changed his face has Chang it wasn't the
ordinary it wasn't Mac it wasn't Sephora
it wasn't a skincare that changed his
face what was it it I'm not saying
that's wrong what was it that this
Natural Glow you see his face and you
feel some awe you this person is not the
same person what change is that the
Quran enter his heart Allah mentioned
the
Ayah Allah mentions when some
people
when they hear what was revealed upon
the prophets I the Quran the previous
books but in this Ayah the Quran that
when they hear what was revealed upon
the
prophet they become they become they
become so emotional they cry for what
reason because of the recognization of
the H because these ayats hit their
heart and hits their soul and their
natural intuition and their intuition
recognizes this their recognize that
these ay are truly for my Lord and what
happens they say
what oh my Lord they say oh my Lord I
have
believed and count me amongst the one
who are witnesses that you have revealed
this book Ramadan is around the corner
the Quran whoever puts himself with the
Quran right this unclaim your power know
leave this that I will do I will pass my
exams I will get this job I will get
this car I will get this house I will do
this that leave everything you have no
power connect yourself with the Quran
and Allah Peg yourself Peg yourself like
you know when currencies are pegged be
behind a certain commodity then it's
safe for investors say you know it's
pegged by gold or it's pegged by this
and it's going to go up so they're not
scared when you Peg yourself with the
Quran the Quran only goes up it doesn't
go down the Quran never depreciates
right never the Quran never goes down in
value
so if you Peg yourself with the Quran
and you become a man of the Quran or a
woman of the Quran then you will see the
Baraka in your life Allah mentioned also
in the
Quran because his were revealed he was
he was he was uh you know he was he was
stressed for us he was worried about us
because these are commands of Allah
Allah saying
what my beloved one of the names
is
we have not revealed the Quran to be a
burden upon you to make you overwhelmed
to make you stressed out rather what is
the purpose of the
Quran this is except this is what a
reminder for who for
everybody the one who fear Allah this a
reminder for them today one thing you
have to realize one thing I have been
realizing as well is we give these
copies to reverts right these copies of
Quran have I read it
myself that this I gave it to my my
friend wants to become Muslim I give him
the copy of the Quran how I even read
that same copy and then we and then we
say subh revers are on their de mallah
and we as born Muslims are not what's
the difference because the book that you
gave them you haven't read yourself they
read that book they became Muslim
because of choice you became Muslim
because you're born in Muslim
family what he says he says what he says
that this Dean cannot be inherited it
has to be learned who is Al Talib an
average folk an average joke Al is from
one of the it's from the
best ancestries from the best
Generations from the best of people he's
a sahaba if that's not good enough he's
from the Sal if that's not good enough
he is the cousin of I don't know if you
any better than that but he's saying
that this religion cannot be inherited
it has to be
learned my name is Ali or my name is
whatever my name is do I even know which
sahab this was or what my name what
significance it has so for me to
understand that this Quran the month is
coming the month of the Quran is
coming that this month Ramadan this
month of
Ramadan Allah says we have revealed the
Quran in this month of Ramadan for what
reason this is for the guidance of
humanity so for us to realize that this
Quran is the solution many of times when
somebody asks you oh what sect are you
we say oh no I'm not a sect I follow
Quran and Sunnah do you really do you
really follow Quran andah you
theoretically you do but have you even
read what the Quran is saying but you
say I follow Quran andah you haven't
even looked in the Quran what do you
mean follow Quran and Sunnah you have to
understand what you're claiming I can't
claim I know this person I don't even
know him I don't have his contact at the
same time at the same time this Quran is
not only a blessing upon the one who
memorized it and at the same time if you
the had I can go on and on but have a
limited time what what I'm trying to
here is if you struggle with the Quran
the Hadith mentioned it's not a weak
Hadith the Hadith mentioned the one that
reads the Quran fluently eloquently he
gets one good deed but the one who
struggles but he continues to push he
gets two
Deeds there's not a bigger incentive
than this Allah wants to learn this
Quran and it is not that this Quran if
you learn somebody gets paid or you know
when when reverts become Muslim it's not
like I get paid it's not like nobody
gets paid right but what happened what's
the joy that somebody has become a
Muslim somebody has learned a de for
Allah what does Allah
say the one the one who repents to Allah
sincere
repentance and he believes in Allah and
the everything of
De he does good deeds what is going to
happen for this
person that Allah will make his bad
Deeds the one that he did before all his
vices become into Good Deeds is it any
Bank you ow them a million dollars and
they will say no I forgive the million
dollars but let me give you a million on
top is there anything the entire Monet
will collapse the economy of the world
will collapse if that BEC some principle
but for Allah there's no limit for Al
there is no limit there is no recession
for Allah you asking for repentance not
only does he forgive you but he says I
change your good deeds into something
good your bad deeds into something good
this is Allah this is Allah my
brothers
for
ald
[Music]
my dear respected brothers and
sisters one thing I want to mention an
an analogy that I want to mention is
that if somebody leaves you undelivered
how do you feel
for about deliver let's talk from from
the bottom somebody doesn't reply to you
at all right somebody for example you
text somebody and you want something
good maybe I'm texting as saying that we
have a midterm tomorrow make sure you
learn this the professor this you were
in class and leaves me on red or leaves
me on delivered I'm going to be like bro
I didn't ask you to link me or do
something like that I asked you for what
I was trying to help you and you left me
undelivered right it isn't it hurts the
person it's like I was trying to do
something for you and you ignore that as
well so how many of us have left Allah
and delivered I want to ask you this
question that how many of us have left
Allah deler the message has came he has
came I have put no effort to memorize
and it's not that Allah has some benefit
from me learning the Quran rather Allah
mentions the principle of Life politics
economy everything personal life
everything relationship everything
emotional intelligence and Allah
mentioned past past examples as well but
for me to know no not open the book of
Allah and just leave leave you UND
delivered some of us have left you unre
which not anything better but at least
we have opened they looked at it read a
few Ayah and try to understand a little
bit but this is not enough this is not
enough the what was the a mention the
Quan They heard and they obeyed they
heard and they obeyed so if somebody
text you if Allah has given you this
message the Quran this message Allah say
a message today via IM message or via
text this was a message revealed and I
have not opened it
what excuse would I have in from Allah
subhana waala that same reer I mentioned
the day he became Muslim or before he
even became Muslim he started reading
the message let me look at the message
first let me see what the message says
is it benefit for me does it make sense
to me does it add up it does then they
become Muslim they become the best of
Muslims same thing with how did they
become best of
Muslims this was was was read was
recited by the sister of who the
sister and he he said what are these
Ayah then he
asked if you are into Rhythm I like
Rhythm I like poetry I'm telling you
right now this I'm not trying to make
anybody laugh here but if you think
little baby has lyrics or Drake has
lyrics I'm telling you is garbage it's
garbage because at that time the quray
used to actually compete in poetry they
used to be like we are the best of poets
I'm going to make dist track against you
how they have it in today's day and age
they had it back then too and in fact
one this one sahabi Z his name was
H amazing poet amazing poet so was
coming into the city and all the qur all
the all all the enemies of Islam said
when this man comes you better make a
distract at the moment whenever you see
him you think of
something came he seen him and he he The
Poetry he made was for
him he mentions you know such a man that
I seen as if he was created the way he
wants to be created the way he wants to
be such a man that when I looked at him
and and was another lady that was was
was going by uh to Madina and he was
they passed by a a a tent a campsite
there was an old lady there she had a
skinny goat and said can I can I can I
like use this goat can I can can I
extract the milk from this goat and she
said look at this goat it doesn't even
have muscle on it we talking about the
milk said let me try okay you know what
like if you want to try go ahead so much
milk came from that goat that it filled
buckets and when the lady's husband came
home she said he said she said he asked
what happened to this go it was dying
and now look at it what happened to it
overnight or over the DAT she said such
a man came of such a a el such such an
Elegance that when I looked at his face
and I looked at the Moon his face was
more brighter that he was created in
such a way that the way he wants to be
created he was created in such a way
that no mother will ever give birth
again to a child such as beautiful as
him when he spoke it was as if it was
poetry when he stayed silent it was awe
that such a magnificence he
had I want to mention last point before
in we end this is that the Quran again I
want to take it back to the Quran that
why is the best of Messengers he is the
best of Messengers because the Quran was
revealed upon him we are the best of
umah because the Quran was revealed upon
this umah the month of Ramadan is the
best of month why because the the Quran
was was revealed in Ramadan you can
become the best of people if you connect
yourself with the Quran and I will give
the verse as
well the best of you are the ones who
learn the Quran and teach it the best of
you are the ones who learn the Quran and
teach it so for the ones today I want
everybody to make the inent intention at
least whether you're a sister or a
brother that I will insh one day become
I will try my best to to keep it very
very honest with you that do not think
that I'm a very very very Pi person what
saves me is the Quran many of times you
know I I can you know do something wrong
but what for me no man in my Quran is's
a in my heart is a Quran that I have to
hold myself to a higher pedestrial I
have to hold myself to a higher level
not because of arrogance not because I'm
the best in society but rather what that
Allah has given me something that Allah
has given me something and he has and
and and I'll be held account
before
before went to seek knowledge his mom
told him that do not seek knowledge if
you're not going to apply because this
same knowledge will be hold will be held
against you on day of so for us to make
ni from today Ramadan is not too far
away Ramadan is not too far away it's
it's right here around the corner and in
one more thing we will be doing this
Ramadan is after eight RA in we will
have a little bit short session maybe
five minutes to explain one of the key
Ayah that we just read read to so
everybody has has an idea of what's
being read because sometimes you're and
it's going on and you go home but
mention to you what we're reciting
what's significance the the scenario who
has it been revealed upon who is talking
about then it will put a perspective for
you and in you will be more locked in in
inshallah
m
for
for